
x  DONE: `Variables' tab in Preferences window needs to shrink.

x  DONE: When user presses `Edit Next' the new selected error
   should become visible even if its currently in a collapsed
   build or it has scrolled out of sight.
   
x  Show a different icon on error lines which have been edited.

x  DONE: Have to be able to resize the window down vertically.

x  IN PROGRESS: Implement printing and Print Settings window.

x  IN PROGRESS: Implement File->Change Directory  command.

x  DONE: Add icon for non-GNOME w/ms.

x  DONE: Implement extraction of targets and generating the Build menu.

x  Implement extra stuff in the Help menu.

x  DONE: well expanded - see below. ?? Implement tighter GNOME integration.

x  DONE: Implement setting environment from Variables.

x  DONE: Change the `Type' field in the Variables tab in the
   Preferences window to a combo box.
   
x  DONE: I18N.

x  Provide filters for other compilers than gcc.

x  Make filters configurable in Preferences GUI. This implies making
   the changes persistent too!

x  DONE: Save & load preferences, window geom etc.

x  DONE: Override preferences with -f -j -k and -l options from commandline.

x  DONE: Handle makes over multiple directories - get the filenames right.

x  Use a hashtable of filenames to reduce memory traffic for filenames.

x  DONE: Make a nicer animation for when make is running.

x  DONE: Add menu item Edit->Copy for filling the clipboard from the selected
   line(s?) of the log window. Implies adding an Edit menu & moving some
   of the View menu items into it.

x  GNOME integration: drag'n'drop. Dragging in directory changes to
   that directory. Dragging in file or string makes it if it's a known
   target. Otherwise, if the MIMEtype indicates its text, open it as 
   a log file. Dragging out a log line is a filename or file+line.

x  GNOME integration: session management. Save directory & last target
   and state of errs/warnings/info toggles. Load again when started
   by session manager.
   
x  GNOME integration: dockable menubar, statusbar, and toolbar. Also
   neato icons in menus.
   
x  GNOME integration: save & load config using GNOME standard routines.

x  GNOME integration: use GNOME About and Preferences dialogs.

x  GNOME integration: use GNOME URL handling in Help menu.

x  GNOME integration: provide triggers for sounds etc.

x  DONE: Improve glib_extra.c so it doesn't require need to care
   about poll(2) directly and submit to the glib maintainers.

x  DONE: Add patchlevel.h

x  DONE: Add autoconf support.

x  Implement the FR_PENDING filter result.

x  DONE: Install extract_targets.sh

x  DONE: Accelerators etc for menu items.

x  DONE: (for colours only) Allow user to configure error & warning colours & icons in Preferences.

x  Doco.

x  DONE: Remove line length limitation in handle_input().

x  DONE: Remove line length limitation in filter_apply_one().

x  DONE: Add check for buffer overflow in ui_create_tools().

x  CLOSED: Use getopt?

x  DONE: Remove those irritating variable values from the Preferences window.

x  Fix bug whereby `configure --with-included-gettext' leaves a symlink
   intl/libintl.h -> intl/libgettext.h which is not removed again when
   re-configured and causes other builds to break with `symbol dcgettext__
   not found'.
   
x  On startup, when preferences or args specify a non-existant makefile,
   issue a warning alert to the user.
   
x  DONE: Fix bug whereby run load spinbox saves wrong value to preferences.
   It was a float rounding problem.
   
x  DONE: Add filters to summarise compile lines, and a View menu item
   to choose between full and summarised version in log window.

x  Remove strict dependancy on POSIX regcomp() for older systems,
   conditionally replace regcomp with function based on <regex.h>
   
x  Correctly handle user's upgrade from 0.3 to 0.4 by saving new
   prefs items to ~/.maketoolrc.
   
x  DONE: Waaaaah! Need a dryrun mode!!   

x  Automatically recalculate list of targets, and rebuild the Build
   menu, when makefile changes.
   
x  DONE: Fix bug which loses last line of child process' output if the
   line doesn't end in a '\n' (worse, it prepends that to the output
   of the next child process).
   
x  Change the preferences so that the actual make executable used is
   specified in exactly one place instead of three (prog_make,
   prog_make_version, and inside the shell script extract_targets).
   Use %M as the name of the executable in those cases.
   
x  DONE: Allow setting of make variables using VAR=val syntax on command line.

x  Make the default text editor configurable, figured out in configure.

x  DONE: Loading a large make log does way too much updating of the scrollbar.

x  DONE: use a GNU logo in the `Help->About make' dialog.

x  DONE: When loading log file, should report number of errors & warnings.

x  DONE: Edit Next Error command should make the newly line visible by scrolling.

x  In summary mode, need to highlight the `Compiling' lines visually to
   separate them from the usual make clutter.

x  Should be able to drag & drop {filename, linenumber, message} or text.

x  For the editing program, should be able to specify a %sequence which
   contains the quoted error message, for integration with IDEs.

x  DONE: An error message which specifies an absolute pathname /abs/path tries
   to open file /curr/dir/abs/path instead of /abs/path. Had to also be in
   a recursive make.
   
x  Add ability to delete individual make runs from view window

x  DONE: Add ability to view multi-directory logs as either flat or
   organised hierarchically by directory.

x  DONE: Work out some way to handle the huge number of targets available
   in the Linux kernel toplevel makefile without overflowing the screen.

x  DONE: Add option to map directory level to tree indent level

x  Add a feature to watch an existing log file as it grows.

x  DONE: When clicking on errrors from a loaded log file, pathnames should
   be interpreted relative to the log file's directory.

x  DONE: Provide a small ctree with 3 rows to preview colour changes in
   Preferences window.
   
x  Provide a Preferences setting to control what happens when a make
   run finishes. Nothing; Sound Bell; Flash Window; Run Program.
   
x  Add timestamp to log start line, either current time for normal builds
   or file modification time for log files.
   
x  DONE: Also number of errors & warnings.

x  DONE: Should be able to edit main.c by clicking on "    from main.c" in gcc
   inclusion trace.

x  DONE: Provide facility to search the log text.

x  DONE: Fix bug where sometimes list_targets doesn't finish, or isn't reaped,
   or something. This was a race condition between spawning the first make
   process and registering the SIGCHLD signal handler.

x  Fix bug where build start line, updated to reflect number of errors,
   is displayed at wrong horizontal position (as if it had lost an indent).
   This seems to be a GTK display bug.
   
x  DONE: The feature whereby targets are specified on the commandline should be
   modified to use the new task_*() routines. Check that this behaves
   correctly with autoconf support.
   
x  Handle files & line numbers in Java exception report.

x  Handle column in Java errors.

x  Fix bug where unsaved edits in various parts of Pereferences
   window are not reverted when the window is popped up again.

x  Handle files & line numbers in Java exception report.

x  Handle column in Java errors.

x  ability to recursively delete a node from the log window

x  DONE: tooltip for `again' icon, and possibly menu item, should mention
   what the actual last target is.
   
x  Fix bug where changing any of the log flags causes the current scroll
   position in the log to be lost as the log is repopulated.
   
x  Keyboard navigation: ENTER should be same as double-click.   

x  Keyboard navigation: Check for std accelerators to collapse,
   expand, collapse all, expand all, navigate up & down, select,
   unselect.

x  Detect (at configure time) whether BSD or SysV signal semantics are
   in place. Note that on Linux you get SysV semantics with `gcc -ansi'
   regardless of whether you also request -D_USE_BSD.
   
x  Add a GUI for setting CONFIGUREFLAGS based on ./configure --help

x  Printing: figure out default printer for combo box, from preferences
   else named "ps".

x  Printing: add notebook page to edit paper size, orientation, and
   margins to Preferences dialog.
   
x  Printing: add support for landscape mode.

x  DONE: Printing: Print window's Page Setup button should pop up the Page Setup
   notebook page of the Preferences dialog.
   
x  Printing: page numbers

x  Printing: colours/icons for errors & warnings

x  DONE: Printing: clip text.

x  Printing: title line on every page.

x  Printing: modal dialogs.

x  DONE: Printing: dialogs come up at sensible locations, e.g. centred over
   the toplevel shell. Set transient-for flag too.
   
x  Printing: option to print entire log file or just descendants of
   selected node.
   
x  Printing: option to print using collapsed status of log lines or
   just entire log.
   
x  DONE: are the fds for pipes to child processes leaked? NO.

x  configure-time check for /usr/doc is insufficient. Need to use /usr/doc
   on Linux only, $(prefix)/share/$(PACKAGE) on NetBSD.
   
x  DONE: Makefile.in needs to define CPPFLAGS with @CPPFLAGS@ at the end for
   NetBSD to find gettext library.
   
x  Frederick Bruckman says: To be able to pass in datadir or localedir to
   configure would be nice.

x  Implement case-insensitive literals in Find window.

x  DONE: Implement backwards search in Find window.

x  Populate Find window string from current selection on Edit->Find ?

x  Handle configure.in/config.status being in an ancestor directory

x  Handle dependancies of multiple files on their .in counterparts via
   autoconf, in particular Makefiles in subdirs. Possible create a
   temporary `Makefiles' target.
   
x  be able to merge multi-line MWOS error messages into 1 summary line??

x  generate column info from MWOS "     ^" stuff

x  possibly generate token span from line before the MWOS "   ^" stuff.

x  apply the prefs option used at start of build to opening log files.

x  DONE: Use gtk_window_set_transient_for() correctly.

x  DONE: Add HAV_SYS_FILIO check for FIONREAD

x  Bug: clicking Clear Log while build in progress coredumps

x  Bug: Stop button no longer ungreys when running!

x  Add filters to support MWOS cross-compiler (see sample mwos.errs)

x  Option to always scroll to end on make output

x  Handle user clicking E's X button on dialogs.
